README.md, before:

# Console Data Service

The Console Data Service handles recording the current states of which nodes are being monitored by which pods.  The service is used by the Console Node and Console Operator projects exclusively to support the required operations of those projects.

## Related Software

Console Node Service - Responsible for handling direct console node connections, recording console logs, forwarding the log information to SMF and providing interactive console access.

Console Operator Service - Handles watching for hardware changes, watches for problems with running Console Node pods and scales the number of Console Node pods based on the number of nodes being monitored.

## Build and run the Docker image

The project leverages Docker Compose to simplify operations in development.  To build and start the service locally run:
````
./startDevServices.sh
````

To stop the running service run:
````
./stopDevServices.sh
````

## Testing

The service is integrated with PostgreSQL (deployed in production via the standard Helm service chart and operator).  For local testing the project leverages Docker Compose to setup the PostgresSQL dependency and execute the tests.
To build the latest service image from local source and execute the tests locally run:
````
./runIntegrationTest.sh
````

## Copyright and License

This project is copyrighted by Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP and is under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for details.

When making any modifications to a file that has a Cray/HPE copyright header, that header must be updated to include the current year.

When creating any new files in this repo, if they contain source code, they must have the HPE copyright and license text in their header, unless the file is covered under someone else's copyright/license (in which case that should be in the header). For this purpose, source code files include Dockerfiles, Ansible files, RPM spec files, and shell scripts. It does not include Jenkinsfiles, OpenAPI/Swagger specs, or READMEs.

When in doubt, provided the file is not covered under someone else's copyright or license, then it does not hurt to add ours to the header.

Commit message:

CASMCMS-7051: Add MIT license to appropriate files; Add linter for same; Update README

README.md, after:

# Console Data Service

The Console Data Service handles recording the current states of which nodes are being monitored by which pods.  The service is used by the Console Node and Console Operator projects exclusively to support the required operations of those projects.

## Related Software

Console Node Service - Responsible for handling direct console node connections, recording console logs, forwarding the log information to SMF and providing interactive console access.

Console Operator Service - Handles watching for hardware changes, watches for problems with running Console Node pods and scales the number of Console Node pods based on the number of nodes being monitored.

## Build and run the Docker image

The project leverages Docker Compose to simplify operations in development.  To build and start the service locally run:
````
./startDevServices.sh
````

To stop the running service run:
````
./stopDevServices.sh
````

## Testing

The service is integrated with PostgreSQL (deployed in production via the standard Helm service chart and operator).  For local testing the project leverages Docker Compose to setup the PostgresSQL dependency and execute the tests.
To build the latest service image from local source and execute the tests locally run:
````
./runIntegrationTest.sh
````

## Versioning
Use [SemVer](http://semver.org/). The version is located in the [.version](.version) file. Other files either read the version string from this file or have this version string written to them at build time using the [update_versions.sh](update_versions.sh) script, based on the information in the [update_versions.conf](update_versions.conf) file.

## Copyright and License

This project is copyrighted by Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP and is under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for details.

When making any modifications to a file that has a Cray/HPE copyright header, that header must be updated to include the current year.

When creating any new files in this repo, if they contain source code, they must have the HPE copyright and license text in their header, unless the file is covered under someone else's copyright/license (in which case that should be in the header). For this purpose, source code files include Dockerfiles, Ansible files, RPM spec files, and shell scripts. It does not include Jenkinsfiles, OpenAPI/Swagger specs, or READMEs.

When in doubt, provided the file is not covered under someone else's copyright or license, then it does not hurt to add ours to the header.
